# Website for Learning Basic Electronics
 The project mainly focuses on designing a website which shows information of the basic electronic components. The user first has to register to the site. The registration requires a username, an email ID and a password. These datas are sent to the database. If the user has already registered to the site a message will prompt indicating to proceed to the login page. In the Login Page, the user has to enter the username and password, this is checked with the data in the database. If the user has entered the correct username and password, he/she will be directed to the home page otherwise a message will prompt indicating that the user has to register first. In the homepage, there is a navigation bar to explore different web pages like basic components, amplifiers, oscillators, digital electronics and video projects. These web pages are interlinked, so that the user can jump from one page to another. Using the carousel, a slideshow for cycling through a series of content was built with CSS 3D transforms and a bit of JavaScript. It also includes support for previous/next controls and indicators. For the ‘Meet Our Team’ purpose, Bootstrap Cards are used. It is used to display the team members’ photographs and the details of the members. A contact form is a must if you want to hear from visitors and collect their contact details. This section is also added in the web page. A Google Map is also embedded in our website, so the user can find the location of the team members. Once the user is done with exploring the webpage, he/she can logout the page and will be directed to the login page.
